Update proxy.md (#3852)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/2.8.x/reference/proxy.md

  **trusted** addresses, the request header with the same name gets forwarded
  if provided. Otherwise, the value of the `$request_uri` variable (with
  the query string stripped) provided by [ngx_http_core_module][ngx-server-port-variable]
  will be used.

>   **Note**: Kong will return `"/"` for an empty path, but it does not do any other normalization on the request path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.note}
> **Note**: Kong returns `"/"` for an empty path, but it doesn't do any other normalization on the request path.
```
Another slight edit for better readability.
